Qiuya Qiuya
Happy Birthday
Why are you here?
Isn't it your 19th birthday?
I just thought
Oh, okay, hurry up and go.
It would be bad if my boyfriend saw it.
What? You have a boyfriend?
You've only been here for two months
Where did you get your boyfriend, Xiaoqiu?
Happy birthday baby thanks
That's your boyfriend!
Who are you?
The pursuit of me every day
Leave him alone, dear.
He's already married.
I know he is married to Shen Yi
But that's my business.
Shen Yi, don't come to curse my good deeds
I let you walk around
You promised to marry me before
Marry you
You're a poor loser who even has to take credit for eating popsicles
Next life
Hey, Qiuya, Qiuya, listen to me, but I don't buy it.
I'm not thinking that what I picked is more innovative?
What does Qiuya have to say to this poor loser?
Here we go.
What do you want?